No no no no no
That's not what I meant.
Well, the money is unnecessary.
Your Wu family has a lot of positive energy today
Many bosses reject you for three points
I have to rely on Wu Yannian in the future
Help me with something I can't handle
Is it Dafa?
Yes yes yes as long as you don't speak
I won't leave you, I'll do my best
Can't find death
Okay, it's getting late.
I should be damned too
Flower Arhat
What did you just say?
internal and external release
What a teacher
What's going on, Dragon Lord?
Submit to Lu Ran
It may be the best choice you have ever made in your life
Mainland release
Inner is a very high state
I'll tell you what.
In his eyes
Squeeze us
It's no different than pinching an ant to death